since we abandoned the god.
The pulpit flute has not changed.
My decorateon Destiny holds a club
in his hand to bite on it.
Oh, my !
I have so much constructionliar.
T香腸棒
숨死
never interiorize you
But I'm not going to help you.
I'm not going to help you.
What are you talking about?
You want to live on this island
for the rest of your life?
You want to live on this island for the rest of your life?
No, I don't want to.
If you don't want to, what are you going to do?
What are you going to do?
Yes!
Once again, I am grateful for your kindness.
I am grateful!
For the sake of my country,
I am happy to be able to help you.
I am glad to help you.
I am sad that I cannot go home
for the sake of my country.
The world is heavy
and the world is difficult.
I feel very sad
when I see the world.
I feel sad.
The world is heavy.